>> Speaker 1: Let's do
the details component.
So if we go into our
project details component,
>> Speaker 1: So it's looking for
selectedProject, as well as saveProject.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to
just take this event handler off For
now, we can put it back.
Select a project, and
let's take this off as well.
All right so, obviously we
need a select a project input.
So, if we go into the component,
>> Speaker 1: How do we do that?
Well, input, so input,
>> Speaker 1: It'll go,
>> Speaker 1: Let's just do this.
We'll call it project.
Makes sense.
So I think really select
a project is like a concern of
actually that parent component.
Like this is the selected project,
internally it's just says hey,
this is a project.
And let's also, since we're here,
let's do output
of,
>> Speaker 1: saved.
Now, remember when you create an output,
you need to instantiate
it as an EventEmitter.
>> Speaker 1: Make sure
that I got output imported.
Good, good, good.
And we'll call this cancelled.
Seems pretty reasonable.
>> Speaker 1: This is not happy
that we're not implementing OnInit,
we don't really need it, so
we'll just take that off,
>> Speaker 1: And this takes
selectedProject because that doesn't
exist on our component class,
and let's just change that.
>> Speaker 1: So already,
we say what's going on?
Can't read property "id" of undefined.
Well, we saw that coming.
Let's go in to our project component, and
let's bind to project equals.
Was it selected project?
There we go.
Save this,
>> Speaker 1: Must
have that console log still in there.
>> Speaker 1: No.
It's still happening.
[LAUGH] I knew that was gonna happen.
Playing with you guys.
So let's just hook up our
EventMeters real quick.
So saveProject($event),
>> Speaker 1: And we'll duplicate this,
and we'll go canceled.
>> Speaker 1: This is just cancel,
all right?
So this is pretty much
what I would expect.
Kinda am in a pretty stable spot,
let me just back this up.
>> Speaker 2: And those names.
>> Speaker 3: Are you showing
the console your error?
Our error?
>> Speaker 1: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: The console.
This error.
[INAUDIBLE] That error?
>> Speaker 2: The one?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Speaker 1: Okay.
What's that?
>> Speaker 2: No, that's right.
>> Speaker 1: Is this right?
Let me see.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Cancelled so
this is the event.
And so I'm listening for this event.
So if I called this wahoo,
then here I'd have to change it.
So I'm defining like this is the event
that I wanna listen for, and
then here in the Cancel event
we're just resetting the project.
So we're starting to see kind of
like data in, events come out.